Add support for Electron 42 (#9269)
iTwin/itwinjs-core: .github/agents/electron-version-bump.agent.md

- New required permissions or security policy changes
- Deprecated APIs that are now removed

#### Present findings and wait for approval

After completing the analysis, present a summary table to the invoker:

| Breaking change | Affected? | Proposed fix |
| --- | --- | --- |
| (change description) | Yes / No | (fix description or "N/A") |

**STOP here and wait for the invoker's explicit go-ahead before making any file changes.** If the invoker requests modifications to the proposed approach, incorporate their feedback before proceeding.

#### Apply breaking change fixes (after approval)

Once approved, for each affected breaking change:

- Search the codebase for all usages of the affected API.
- Update the code to use the new API or pattern as prescribed by the Electron breaking changes doc.

> - Ensure backward compatibility with the minimum supported Electron version (currently ^35.0.0) — use feature detection or version checks when the old API is removed and a polyfill is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure backward compatibility with the minimum supported Electron version documented in docs/learning/SupportedPlatforms.md — use feature detection or version checks when the old API is removed and a polyfill is needed.
```
